there's a parody official release
support akira toriyama you're an alien
I'm an alien my Nelion probably where's
my brother
I don't know then you're useless to me
oh I have a kid I'm socially alkaline
adorable I'm here for my brother and I a
brother yes
I'm taking your son no you're not uh he
took my son I'm here to help you
aren't we enemies nobody wants
Dragonball let's go are you Yoshi hells
yeah give me back my son
gross aha piccolo get him now I am the
dead
well Oh No Goku is dead nappa let's go
to fallen no more science I'm taking
Gohan hi maggots I'm training you I'm
terrifying in a potential rapist but
I'll never say it flat out
yeah who you I'm King Kai you now know
the kaio-ken in the spirit bomb gah shut
up Oh Jack what was the past let's go
fight saying so got it the fans hi not
just here yeah that's just dead nah
forget him I am hilarious and you will
quote everything I say dad
I'm the only serious character in the
show that is the joke
oh god everyone's dead hilariously dear
ailing one-liner Goku's hands ears
overnight
you know why because I'm a monkey okay
hello I'm not a monkey
oh no the monkey leaving now and we'll
never see him again
they'll see me next episode and I'm a
ghost whore am i this has how many
subscribers